hey how's it going Dave 2d here so the
15-inch MacBook Pros can now be
configured at the time of purchase with
the new Vega GPUs this one's running a
Vega 20 and before I get into
performance and stuff like that I want
to talk about power consumption because
this is very relevant when it comes to
comparing performance of this device
with anything else out there MacBook
Pros including the 15 inch one are
powered by USB see the AC adapter they
include in the box
is an 87 watt adapter it's not
particularly big but there's a
limitation to this port you can only
feed a hundred watts to it so everyone
wants to have that super thin laptop
that's running like an RT X 2080 or some
like that but you can't power something
like that with this everyone's big on
USB C charging because it's Universal
and awesome but you can only feed so
much power through that port something
like the Razer Blade 15 a more powerful
system more powerful GPU but it needs a
significantly bigger AC adapter and it's
a barrel plug does not take use BC
alright
when Apple announced the Vega 20 they
kind of did a praise stealth
announcement with it their website had
some seemingly impressive graphs but
because it didn't have Adobe Premiere on
those charts and I use Adobe Premiere as
my regular video editing thing I was not
expecting very much from this device
because I'm like why not put premiere in
there unless it was not a very
impressive performance increase but it's
awesome there's a significantly faster
render time on the new Vega 20 compared
to the Radeon 560 X from three months
ago and it's not just render time its
playback the whole system feels
significantly faster running this new
Vega 20 GPU when you run some other
benchmark so you can see some very
significant improvements over the 5 60 X
and the thing is that 5 60 X was a GPU
that existed in their Mac books since
2016 like ever since they went to this
new style they've been using that kind
of GPU they bumped up the clock speed a
little bit every year but it was the
same architecture the new Vega 20 is
completely new and it just it finally
feels appropriate for 2018 because that
5 60 X from a few months ago was just so
underpowered compared to all the other
Windows laptops and even as someone who
prefers Mac OS I just found myself using
Windows laptops because that performance
difference was way too big to ignore and
when it comes to gaming I only played
some games native to Mac OS there's a
bit of a bump from the 5 60 X but it's
not massive
right keep in mind that most games are
gonna run slower on Mac OS and they
would on Windows but the truth is any
kind of comparable thin and light
Windows gaming laptop is gonna crush the
MacBook the thermal performance is a
little bit better I'm noticing a
premiere for long renders it's actually
getting slightly lower temperatures the
fans aren't any louder but the
temperatures are a little bit lower and
I'm assuming it's from better efficiency
on the GP so you have lower GPU
temperatures so a lower overall system
temperature now the bad thing about this
new Vega 20 MacBook is the price so this
thing is now a $350 price increase if
you want that upgrade and this is on a
device that's already very expensive
also for people that owned the original
2018 MacBook Pro from like two or three
months ago the existence of this new
Vega 20 GPU just it hurts because that
old MacBook is no longer it's no longer
the most powerful MacBook Pro on the
market so for people that depend on this
stuff for work it's just so tempting to
pick this up and really depending on
what you do and your applications and
what you plan on doing with it it might
be worth it so here my closing thoughts
if you're professional and use this for
work this is going to make sense for the
right application if you're playing
games like you'd have to be a serious
baller to buy something like this to
play games but if that's your jam the
the performance increase on this and
games is just not there but the pricing
is something I'm defending the pricing
it's just that you can't get anything
like this in the Windows laptop market
you can't get a USB C powered device
that has this kind of performance in the
package like this in any Windows laptop
it just doesn't exist so the fact that
they haven't monopoly on a product like
this allows Apple to charge whatever
they want okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
have you loved it see you guys next time
[Applause]
you